application: serial_lte_modem: Read device local time (#11857)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/serial_lte_modem/doc/Generic_AT_commands.rst

The test command is not supported.

Device local time #XCCLK
========================

The ``#XCCLK`` command gets the real-time clock of the device.

Set command
-----------

The set command returns the local time, the time zone and daylight-saving time info.

Syntax
~~~~~~

::

   #XCCLK

Response syntax
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

::

   #XCCLK: <time>,<time_zone>,<daylight_saving_time>

> The ``<time>`` value returns a string indicating local time in the format "yy/MM/dd,hh:mm:ss+zz", where the characters, from left to right, indicate year, month, day, hour, minutes, seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``<time>`` value returns a string indicating local time in the format "yy/MM/dd,hh:mm:ss+zz".
From left to right, the characters indicate the year, month, day, hour, minutes, and seconds.
```
The list leaves "zz" undefined.

> The ``<time_zone>`` value returns an integer indicating the difference, expressed in quarters of an hour, between the local time and GMT (value range from -48 to +48 and 99 for "not set").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``<time_zone>`` value returns an integer indicating the difference between the local time and GMT.
The difference is expressed in quarters of an hour, so the value ranges from ``-48`` to ``+48``, with the value ``99`` used to indicate the difference has not been set.
```

> The ``<daylight_saving_time>`` value returns an integer indicating below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``<daylight_saving_time>`` value returns an integer indicating one of the following:
```

> * ``0`` - No adjustment of daylight-saving time.
> * ``1`` - +1 hour adjustment of daylight-saving time.
> * ``2`` - +2 hours adjustment of daylight-saving time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``0`` - No adjustment for daylight saving time.
* ``1`` - +1 hour adjustment for daylight saving time.
* ``2`` - +2 hours adjustment for daylight saving time.
```
Grammatically daylight-saving time would be correct, but the convention is to write it without the dash.
